Now that we have covered identifying data consumer,
let's talk about the use cases for data.
A data use case is how a group of customers or stakeholders uses data.
Broadly, data use cases can be categorized into five buckets.
Let's discuss each one of them.
Business Intelligence.
Use cases for BI would be,
to understand your customer better.
If you are Walmart you want to know,
if you want milk, will you buy bread?
To identify sales trends, if you're Wafer,
you want to know if certain decorative items are more popular in December.
To provide personalized services.
If you are pizza hook,
you might want to remember ordering preferences of your customer.
Next, visualizations.
To monitor trends.
Fidelity might be interested in monitoring stock market almost real time.
To monitor spikes in real-time.
Nordstrom engineering team might monitor
peak loads during Black Friday to scale appropriately.
To track metrics.
Microsoft sales team might need visualizations to track sales target of Surface Pro.
Reporting use cases would be: Public reporting of operating and financial data.
The earnings report you hear about of every publicly traded company,
such as Walgreens or BestBuy. Customer report.
Your credit card statements from Citibank or Wells Fargo.
Reports for decision makers.
Apple leadership might be interested in quarterly,
monthly reports on latest iPhone model.
Big data use cases would be: Preventing fraud,
20 to 30 million transaction happen on Amazon everyday.
They need a big data fraud solution to make sure no fraudulent activities are happening.
Recommendation engine.
Netflix has 150 million paid subscribers.
They sieve through big data to recommend content to their users.
Social media analysis.
Analyzing across 500 million tweets per day,
Twitter tracks, trends and hashtags.
ML use cases could be,
virtual assistants, such as Alexa,
Siri, and Google, they use ML.
DC is able to provide a personalized customer experience using ML.
Netflix uses ML models to analyze what content should be created.
An important point here is that,
a use case can span across categories.
Now let's see if you can identify categories
of data use cases for knapsack data consumers,
and apply your learning.